ATWINC1500
===============

Summary
-------

Microchip's ATWINC1500 is an IEEE 802.11 b/g/n IoT network controller.
It is the ideal add-on to existing MCU solutions bringing Wi-Fi and
Network capabilities through SPI-to-Wi-Fi interface. The ATWINC1500
connects to any SAM or PIC MCU with minimal resource requirements. The
ATWINC1500's most advanced mode is a single stream 1x1 802.11n mode.

The ATWINC1500 features a fully integrated Power Amplifier, LNA, Switch
and Power Management. The WINC1500 provides internal Flash memory as
well as multiple peripheral interfaces including UART and SPI. The only
external clock source needed for the ATWINC1500 is a high-speed crystal
or oscillator (26 MHz). The ATWINC1500 is available in a QFN package or
as a certified module.

The ATWINC\ **1500** has 4 Mb of flash memory which can be used for
system software. The ATWINC\ **1510** has 8 Mb flash memory for even
greater flexibility.

A MCU host driver can be found in the `Advanced Software
Framework <http://www.microchip.com/avr-support/advanced-software-framework-(asf)>`__
(ASF).

Firmware Release Summary:
-------------------------

ATWINC15x0-MR210xx - Initial release (same as 1944)

ATWINC15x0-MR210xx1952 - Upgrades to 1944

ATWINC15x0-MR210xx1954 - Fixes for WPA2 "KRACK" security attack and
several other bugs. Improves WLAN auto rate, NTP time, DHCP client,
throughput, TCP fast retransmission. Removes P2P (Wi-Fi direct) client
mode. See WINC1500 Software Release Notes for details.

ATWINC15x0-MR210xx1961 - Adds Enterprise Security, customizable SNTP
servers, improvements to provisioning, simple roaming, support for
multiple regional gain tables, and for the ATWINC1510 host MCU file
download capability.

Additional Features
-------------------

-  Single-band 2.4GHz b/g/n IoT Network Controller

-  Extreme low power

-  Operating voltage: 3.0V to 4.2V

-  Serial host interface: SPI

-  Security protocols supported: WPA/WPA2 Personal, TLS, SSL

-  Network services: DHCP, DNS, TCP/IP (IPv4), UDP, HTTP, HTTPS

-  Chip and PCB antenna (ATWINC1500-MR210PBxxxx)

-  Chip and u.FL connector (ATWINC1500-MR210UBxxxx)

-  ATWINC1500-MR210PBxxxx (4Mb flash)

-  ATWINC1510-MR210PBxxxx (8Mb flash)

-  Integrated into Atmel Studio 7 - See ASF release notes

-  Atmel Software Framework (ASF) Free Software download available

-  Small form factor module measures just 21.7 x 14.7mm

-  Agency Certified in the US, Canada, Europe, Japan, Korea, China, >
   India and Taiwan
